*February 6, 2018 at 10am Pacific Time*
 
### Attendees
*Added during the meeting*

### Agenda

**React-apollo**

- Discuss progress v2.1 of `react-apollo` w.r.t. `Mutation` and `Subscription` component and their current status.
- Discuss the tasks that that still need to be done for the v2.1 release of `react-apollo` and how we can best keep track of progress.
- Thoughts on supporting the new react context API in v2.1.
- Thoughts on creating a monorepo (as mentioned in [roadmap](https://github.com/apollographql/react-apollo/blob/master/ROADMAP.md) or merging react-apollo with the existing apollo-client monorepo (which will simplify coordination across modules).

### Notes
*Added after the meeting*
